Box v2 - fixed an issue where upload file ignored the folder id (#11542)
demisto/content: Packs/Box/ReleaseNotes/2_1_1.md

#### Integrations
##### Box v2

> - Fixed an issue where the command ***box-upload-file*** ignored the given folder id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***box-upload-file*** command would ignore a given folder id.
```

Author: Done
